today's review is on the Cadieux 37 USB
studio microphone now this is a cardioid
pattern microphone so it's great for
vocals and for podcasts or for narration
and will tell you a little bit about
what you get with the mic and a couple
of the features of the mic what we like
and maybe even what we don't like about
the mic so keep watching so what you get
when you buy this microphone is the
microphone body itself you also get a
very portable stand it actually folds
out and you can carry it with you it's a
table stock top stand but if you have a
more complicated shooting environment we
would we would you know recommend you
get yourself a proper mic stand
it also comes with an approximately 10
foot long USB cable one end is micro USB
and the other end is your regular USB
2.0 the mic is mostly made of plastic
the body itself is plastic except for
this metal grille up here and the piece
that connects it to mic stands and that
piece unscrews and that piece is
actually made of aluminum on the bottom
you can see the USB connector this is
where the USB connector goes and there's
a blue light when the mic is connected
and recording there two buttons here the
- 10 button is to get set the gain - -10
which produces actually much richer
sounds as you will hear when we do the
sound test later the other button is to
adjust the base of the mic and that's
pretty much what the mic looks like on
the outside before we show you how well
this microphone records we'd like to
tell you a few of the
things that we did observe about this
microphone first of all you do not need
a preamp or phantom power to power it
it's USB it's plug and play and does not
need any drivers so you're pretty much
ready to record as soon as you can get
it out of its packaging however we do
recommend using a recording software
like audacity which is free and will
make your recording much much easier
we also recommend investing in a pop
filter which is inexpensive and can be
bought on Amazon or any other site and
this prevents spit and unload unwanted
sounds from spoiling your recording so
onto the big question how well does it
record so the sound you're hearing right
now is from my camcorder mic so what I'm
going to go ahead and do is plug in the
cab you 37 so you can compare how it
sounds and the audio that you're hearing
right now is from the u 37 microphone
and this is not the camcorder microphone
that you were hearing previously and as
you can probably tell it's a much warmer
sound with a very little background
noise no white noise no hissing
whatsoever no pops at all so it's a very
smooth warm sound now what I'm going to
do is switch it over to the zero gain
setting and that's a lot louder but what
it does is the sound doesn't seem to be
as warm so what we would recommend is
keep it in the -10 decibel gain setting
and what this does is produce a very
warm sound for narration and for
podcasting our overall thoughts about
the CAD u 37 USB studio microphone are
that it's a great microphone for the
price which is approximately 40
on Amazon for that you get a great mic
for narration for vocals and best of all
to get you started podcasting so this is
a great starter mic it's definitely not
pro grade recording equipment but it's
something that will get you very clear
smooth noise free recordings to get you
started in the world of podcasting or
for vocals or to even narrate videos so
it's great value for money overall if
you like this review please subscribe to
our YouTube channel by hitting the
subscribe button above I've also
included the link to this product on
Amazon com if you'd like to buy it and
that's in the description section below
now thank you for watching this has been
a review from review lamp calm and hope
to see you guys next time bye bye